---
permalink: /privacy
title: "Privacy Policy"
layout: page
---

# Privacy Policy

This page is designed to outline the extent to which the add-on CrossSheet accesses, uses, stores, and/or
shares your personal data.

## Google-Provided Data

CrossSheet is provided access to a number of types of user data by Google.

### Google Profile Data

Firstly, Google provides access to your basic profile data including, but not limited to your Google email address,
Google ID, given and family names, profile image and openid for the account you use to install this add-on.
At no point does CrossSheet access or store this first category of personal data. We, the developers,
would prefer this data were not even provided since it serves no purpose to this add-on.
We encourage users to consider the [freely-available source code](https://github.com/TMiguelT/SheetsCrossword) to this
add-on to assure themselves that it never attempts to access or store personal user data.

### Spreadsheet Data

The second type of data accessible to CrossSheet are the contents of any document you open in Google Sheets while
this add-on is enabled. The only point at which any spreadsheet data
is accessed is when you interact with the add-on in order to generate, edit or complete a crossword puzzle, but this data
is not stored or sent to any external system or device, with the exception of the logging service explained in the next section.

### Log Data

CrossSheet has access to and stores records ("logs") of errors and other diagnostic information
pertaining to the add-on and data being processed by it. This data includes, but is not limited to, the date and time
the add-on is used, inputs to the add-on including import URLs, and outputs generated by the add-on such as the crossword
data itself. This data is used only for the purposes of improving the add-on, and we guarantee it is not used for any
other purpose, and it is not accessible to any other parties other than the developers of this add-on.

## Third-party Code

Unfortunately, while CrossSheet has no intention to access your data, we cannot speak for any third party ("library") code
that we use in this add-on. For this reason, privacy-conscious users should be aware that the first two types of data
listed above (Google profile data and spreadsheet data) have some potential to be accessed by those who develop the libraries we use.
Fortunately, the only third party code currently being used by this add-on also has available source code, and we
encourage users to consider this code as well. The source code for this library is available [here](https://github.com/nzt/cheeriogs).

## External links

CrossSheet may contain links to other sites.
If you click or otherwise follow a third-party link, you will be directed to that site.
Note that these external sites are not operated by us.
Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

I reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy from time to time.
Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.
I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at <ttmigueltt@gmail.com>
